# IO.Swagger.Model.ReportMlFilepathAnalysesNeighborMaliciousness
## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**MostSimilarMalware** | [**List&lt;ReportMlFilepathAnalysesNeighborMaliciousnessMostSimilarMalware&gt;**](ReportMlFilepathAnalysesNeighborMaliciousnessMostSimilarMalware.md) | This section show the 8 closest unique filepaths in our elasticsearch cluster of SXL4 customer filepaths, that are associated with malicious PE files. This is represented by an ordered list of length 8 (most similar filepaths first), where each element in the list contains a dictionary of values representing three pieces of information:    * score - the elasticsearch similarity score in relation to the original customer&#x27;s file.     (The higher the score, the better the match. Should only be used for ordering, as scores     ranges depend on the searched-for-string)   * fs_t - the first-seen time in our SXL4 data, in seconds (UST)   * filepath - the filepath itself  | 
**MostSimilarBenign** | [**List&lt;ReportMlFilepathAnalysesNeighborMaliciousnessMostSimilarMalware&gt;**](ReportMlFilepathAnalysesNeighborMaliciousnessMostSimilarMalware.md) | This section is exactly the same as the ml_filepath.analyses.neighbor_maliciousness.most_similar_malware section above, except that the most similar benign filepaths are listed here, instead of malicious ones. To avoid documentation duplication, please view the linked section.  | 
**MostSimilar** | [**List&lt;ReportMlFilepathAnalysesNeighborMaliciousnessMostSimilar&gt;**](ReportMlFilepathAnalysesNeighborMaliciousnessMostSimilar.md) | This section is similar to its sisters, but it lists the nearest sixteen most similar filepaths (calibrated in terms of total malware and benign filepath counts). Those may be all malicious, all benign, or some combination of benign and malicious filepaths. This section is structured almost identically to the ml_filepath.analyses.neighbor_maliciousness.most_similar_malware section above, except that an is_malware section is added to each of the dictionary elements, to signify if the filepath is associated with a benign or malicious file in our elasticsearch database:    * score - the elasticsearch similarity score in relation to the original customer&#x27;s file.     (The higher the score, the better the match. Should only be used for ordering, as scores     ranges depend on the searched-for-string)   * fs_t - the first-seen time in our sxl4 data, in seconds (UST)   * filepath - the filepath itself   * is_malware - boolean, if the associated file is malicious or not in our database  | 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

